Rename Recipe DSL to Chef Infra Language (#2857)
chef/chef-web-docs: themes/docs-new/layouts/shortcodes/infra_lang_summary.md

> The Chef Infra Language is a comprehensive systems configuration language with resources and helpers for configuring various operating systems. The language is primarily used in Chef Infra recipes and custom resources to tell the Chef Infra Client what action(s) to take to properly configure a system. The Chef Infra Language provides resources for system-level components such as packages, users, or firewalls, and also includes helpers to allow you to make configuration decisions based on operating systems, clouds, virtualization hypervisors, and more.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Chef Infra Language is a comprehensive systems configuration language with resources and helpers for configuring operating systems. The language is primarily used in Chef Infra recipes and custom resources to tell the Chef Infra Client what action(s) to take to configure a system. The Chef Infra Language provides resources for system-level components such as packages, users, or firewalls, and it also includes helpers to allow you to make configuration decisions based on operating systems, clouds, virtualization hypervisors, and more.
```
